feat(parser.prometheusremotewrite): Add dense metric version to better support histograms (#16493)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/parsers/prometheusremotewrite/README.md

  ## Data format to consume.
  data_format = "prometheusremotewrite"

>   ## Metric version to use. 
>   ## Valid options: 1, 2
>   ## Default: 2
>   metric_version = 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ## Metric version to use, either 1 or 2
  # metric_version = 2
```
